
Title: Analytics Vidhya | The ultimate place for Generative AI, Data Science and Data Engineering
Content: Supercharge Your AI Expedition with our excellent resources Explore the fascinating world of AI with our unlimited knowledge library Level up your career with our comprehensive industry leading programs Elevate your AI skills by learning, competing & networking with our thriving community Make an impact on our community by sharing your knowledge & perspective Reap the benefits of our deep domain expertise & extensive industry connections for exponential growth in your career Explore the fascinating world of AI with our unlimited Knowledge Library Level up your career with our comprehensive industry leading programs Elevate your Al skills by learning, competing & networking with our thriving community Make an impact on our community by sharing your knowledge & perspective Explore the fascinating world of AI with our unlimited Knowledge Library Breaking complex topics into simple, easy to follow articles Learn from the wisdom of industry experts through live enriching sessions Take the confusion out of your learning by following our expert’s curated learning paths Learn the fundamental topics of AI and Data Science with our Comprehensive Guides Level up your career with our comprehensive industry leading programs Start your AI journey for free by enrolling in our Comprehensive Course Enhance your AI skills by building your own AI Agents in the mentor-driven Agentic AI Pioneer Program Take your AI game to the next level with our mentor driven comprehensive BlackBelt Plus program Master the future of AI by building your own AI Agents, a mentor-driven journey into Generative AI and Agentic AI. Elevate your Al skills by learning, competing & networking with our thriving Community Learn, ask, network with like-minded folks to expand knowledge and foster meaningful connections Compete, foster collaboration with fellow innovators, and constantly evolve your skills to secure impressive wins Be a part of the most exciting AI events in the industry for an unforgettable experience Listen to AI leaders and learn from their perspective Make an impact on our community by sharing your knowledge & perspective Participate in our blogathons to contribute and win exciting prizes Showcase your expertise to our thriving community Make in difference in a life of learners by sharing your knowledge & perspective Share your knowledge and expertise through our programs & clients deliveries Embark on a learning journey with our comprehensive industry leading personalised programs 150 Hours16 Courses 300 Hours41 Courses 150 Hours15 Courses 200 Hours24 Courses5 500 Hours27 Courses4.8 I've had the pleasure of witnessing the exceptional talent nurtured by Analytics Vidhya's hackathons.  Sylvia Plath Senior HR Executive Thanks to the BlackBelt Plus program, I landed my dream job at American Express. The comprehensive training and mentorship were invaluable. I'm grateful for this life-changing opportunity  Sylvia Plath Senior HR Executive Terms & ConditionsRefund PolicyPrivacy PolicyCookies Policy© Analytics Vidhya .All rights reserved. *Terms and conditions apply  Edit Resend OTP in 30s We use cookies essential for this site to function well. Please click to help us improve its usefulness with additional cookies. Learn about our use of cookies in our  Privacy Policy & Cookies Policy. Show details This site uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience possible. To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy & Cookies Policy. Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. It is needed for personalizing the website. Expiry: Session Type: HTTP This cookie is used to prevent Cross-site request forgery (often abbreviated as CSRF) attacks of the website Expiry: Session Type: HTTPS Preserves the login/logout state of users across the whole site. Expiry: Session Type: HTTPS Preserves users' states across page requests. Expiry: Session Type: HTTPS Google One-Tap login adds this g_state cookie to set the user status on how they interact with the One-Tap modal. Expiry: 365 days Type: HTTP Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Used by Microsoft Clarity, to store and track visits across websites. Expiry: 1 Year Type: HTTP Used by Microsoft Clarity, Persists the Clarity User ID and preferences, unique to that site, on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Used by Microsoft Clarity, Connects multiple page views by a user into a single Clarity session recording. Expiry: 1 Day Type: HTTP Collects user data is specifically adapted to the user or device. The user can also be followed outside of the loaded website, creating a picture of the visitor's behavior. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP Use to measure the use of the website for internal analytics Expiry: 1 years Type: HTTP The cookie is set by embedded Microsoft Clarity scripts. The purpose of this cookie is for heatmap and session recording. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Collected user data is specifically adapted to the user or device. The user can also be followed outside of the loaded website, creating a picture of the visitor's behavior. Expiry: 2 months Type: HTTP This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected includes the number of visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form. Expiry: 399 days Type: HTTP Used by Google Analytics, to store and count pageviews. Expiry: 399 Days Type: HTTP Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry: Session Type: PIXEL cookies ensure that requests within a browsing session are made by the user, and not by other sites. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP use the cookie when customers want to make a referral from their gmail contacts; it helps auth the gmail account. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP this is used to send push notification using webengage. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP used by webenage to track auth of webenagage. Expiry: session Type: HTTP Linkedin sets this cookie to registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website for internal analytics. Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP Use to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Used as part of the LinkedIn Remember Me feature and is set when a user clicks Remember Me on the device to make it easier for him or her to sign in to that device. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Used to store information about the time a sync with the AnalyticsSyncHistory cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Cookie used for Sign-in with Linkedin and/or to allow for the Linkedin follow feature. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP allow for the Linkedin follow feature. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP often used to identify you, including your name, interests, and previous activity. Expiry: 2 months Type: HTTP Tracks the time that the previous page took to load Expiry: Session Type: HTTP Used to remember a user's language setting to ensure LinkedIn.com displays in the language selected by the user in their settings Expiry: Session Type: HTTP Tracks percent of page viewed Expiry: Session Type: HTTP Indicates the start of a session for Adobe Experience Cloud Expiry: Session Type: HTTP Provides page name value (URL) for use by Adobe Analytics Expiry: Session Type: HTTP Used to retain and fetch time since last visit in Adobe Analytics Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Remembers a user's display preference/theme setting Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Remembers which users have updated their display / theme preferences Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Used by Google Adsense, to store and track conversions. Expiry: 3 months Type: HTTP Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP These cookies are used for the purpose of targeted advertising. Expiry: 6 hours Type: HTTP These cookies are used for the purpose of targeted advertising. Expiry: 1 month Type: HTTP These cookies are used to gather website statistics, and track conversion rates. Expiry: 1 month Type: HTTP Aggregate analysis of website visitors Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP This cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisements when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website. Expiry: 4 months Type: HTTP Contains a unique browser and user ID, used for targeted advertising. Expiry: 2 months Type: HTTP Used by LinkedIn to track the use of embedded services. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Used by LinkedIn for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP Used by LinkedIn to track the use of embedded services. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Use these cookies to assign a unique ID when users visit a website. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP These cookies are set by LinkedIn for advertising purposes, including: tracking visitors so that more relevant ads can be presented, allowing users to use the 'Apply with LinkedIn' or the 'Sign-in with LinkedIn' functions, collecting information about how visitors use the site, etc. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Used to make a probabilistic match of a user's identity outside the Designated Countries Expiry: 90 days Type: HTTP Used to collect information for analytics purposes. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Used to store session ID for a users session to ensure that clicks from adverts on the Bing search engine are verified for reporting purposes and for personalisation Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP UnclassNameified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classNameifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Cookie declaration last updated on 24/03/2023 by Analytics Vidhya. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies, we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third-party services that appear on our pages. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us, and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.

Title: Google DeepMind
Content: Latest posts Latest research posts Latest technology posts Latest posts Our advanced Gemini 2.0-based models designed for the next generation of helpful robots Discover our latest AI breakthroughs and updates from the lab 
View all posts
 Research Gemini Robotics brings AI into the physical world Introducing Gemini Robotics and Gemini Robotics-ER, AI models designed for robots to understand, act and react to the physical world. Technologies Experiment with Gemini 2.0 Flash native image generation Native image output is available in Gemini 2.0 Flash for developers to experiment with in Google AI Studio and the Gemini API. Technologies Introducing Gemma 3 The most capable model you can run on a single GPU or TPU. Gemini 2.0 is our most capable AI model yet, built for the agentic era Breakthrough research. Transformative products. 
View all technologies
 Imagen Our highest quality text-to-image model Veo Our state-of-the-art video generation model AlphaFold AlphaFold has revealed millions of intricate 3D protein structures, and is helping scientists understand how all of life’s molecules interact. Gemma State-of-the-art open models, built for responsible AI development from the same research and technology used to create our Gemini models. SynthID Robust and scalable tool for watermarking and identifying AI-generated images Project Mariner A research prototype exploring the future of human-agent interaction, starting with your browser A research prototype exploring future capabilities of a universal AI assistant We want AI to benefit the world, so we must be thoughtful about how it’s built and used. Responsibility & Safety AI can provide extraordinary benefits, but like all transformational technology, it could have negative impacts unless it’s developed and deployed responsibly. AI Principles While we are optimistic about the potential of AI, we recognize that advanced technologies can raise important challenges that must be addressed clearly, thoughtfully, and affirmatively. 




    
  Google AI 




    
  Google AI for Developers 




    
  Google AI Studio 




    
  Gemini 




    
  Google Cloud 




    
  Google Labs I accept Google's Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that my information will be used in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.
