
Title: 
    Homepage | Astrobiology


Content: NASA's Mars 2020 mission is the next step in NASA's long-term robotic exploration of Mars. The rover Perseverance will provide important data relevant to astrobiology research, along with a vast amount of geological information about the landing site and the planet at large that will help put the astrobiological data into context. Perseverance will not be looking for organisms living on Mars today. However, the rover will collect data that could be used to identify biosignatures of ancient microbial life. What really sets this mission apart is that Perseverance will be collecting a suite of samples to be returned to Earth via a Mars Sample Return mission.  The opportunity to bring back samples from another planet will allow our researchers to interrogate them with all of the sophistication and thoroughness that Earth-based instrumentation provides. Sign-up to get the latest in news, events, and opportunities from the NASA Astrobiology Program.

Title: SETI Institute
Content:  May 20, 2025  Mountain View, CA 
			The Drake Awards is a one-of-a-kind celebration at the SETI Institute. Together, we explore one of humanity's biggest questions—are we alone?

This special hybrid event brings together a vibrant community of scientists, students, industry leaders, and space enthusiasts to celebrate groundbreaking discoveries and spark new ideas. The Drake Awards is an event you won’t want to miss! For 40 years, the SETI Institute has been a leader in the search for life and intelligence beyond Earth. Recent discoveries, such as exoplanets, have brought us closer than ever to answering the question of whether we are alone in the universe. To honor the Institute’s pioneering past as we look ahead to its future, Big Picture Science presents a new monthly podcast series highlighting the groundbreaking research of the SETI Institute. SETI Institute Announces Recipient of the Beyond Silos STEAM Education Residency PUNCH: A New Mission to Unravel the Secrets of the Sun Planetary Picture of the Day - Week of March 3, 2025 Total Eclipse of the Moon Coming to the Americas on the Night of March 13-14 From microbes to alien intelligence, the SETI Institute is America’s only organization wholly dedicated to searching for life in the universe. The first radio telescope to be designed from the ground up to be used for SETI searches. LaserSETI is a project, instrument, and set of observatories designed to scan the sky, all the time for extrasolar laser pulses. GNU technology could speed the design of new receivers, and to allow scientists to quickly change how data are analyzed and displayed. New findings related to SETI research Scientists doing SETI experiments are looking for proof – not merely of life elsewhere – but of intelligent beings in other star systems. Located in northern California, the HCRO is home to the Allen Telescope Array Are you ready to participate in the conversation? Come to a public talk. Get weekly episodes of the Institute's science radio program, Big Picture Science,  and the NEW podcast Spotlight on SETI all about the work at the Institute.  Request to have grants funded through the SETI Institute. If you don’t already have a grant, the SETI Institute can help you propose for one. Sign up to receive the latest news about research, as well as information on how you can listen to talks, read exclusive articles, and hear us on the radio. Sign up now! Real-time search for exterrestrial intelligence What is the probability of extraterrestrial life? SETI Institute partners with Scouts for next gen badges. AI accelerator for space science Are there Earth-like planets elsewhere in our galaxy? The SETI Institute has more than 100 research scientists investigating the nature of the universe and the prevalence of life beyond Earth. To find out more about their work and interests, browse by name or discipline using the search boxes below. Our Center for Education develops STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics) programs, as well as resources that teach, excite and inspire children, young adults and educators. From space science badges for Girl Scouts to professional development workshops and courses, summer internships, curriculum development, planetarium programs and exhibit development, our education programs foster future leaders in STEAM fields. We make our work accessible to the public, students and life-long learners with a wide variety of outreach activities. These take place online, in print, in real life, and on the air. Programs include SETI Talks (our monthly lecture series), Big Picture Science (our weekly podcast and radio program), SETI Live talks (online interviews), our Journey e-newsletter, and the annual Explorer magazine. A percentage of every purchase goes to support SETI Institute research.  Your financial support makes our work possible. Media - Rebecca McDonald
          Director of Communications
media@seti.org HR - Armine Saroian
          Director of Human Resources
hr@seti.org General Questions
info@seti.org SETI Institute
339 Bernardo Ave, Suite 200
Mountain View, CA 94043, United States Phone 650.961.6633
Fax 650.961.7099
