
Title: London Review of Books
Content: More search Options Browse by Subject In the weeks​ since his inauguration, Donald Trump has issued a series of executive orders intended to undermine progressive law and, in some cases, the foundations of constitutional democracy itself. The impression, as the orders arrive one after another, nearly ninety of them so far, is of a self-amplifying state bent on overcoming the rule of law and testing the limits of authoritarian... We need a better understanding of the fears exploited by authoritarians: who is this ‘migrant’, so dangerous they must be deported; this ‘Palestinian’ whose death secures the social and political order; this notion of ‘gender’ that is so threatening to self, family and society? When​ DeepSeek announced the release of its chatbot in January, there was widespread bewilderment. How had a Chinese company been able to develop something that could compete with OpenAI’s ChatGPT or Google’s Gemini despite a US export ban on the latest Nvidia chips that almost all large language models rely on? DeepSeek said it had built its model at a cost of only $5.5 million,... DeepSeek’s most impressive technical innovation is MLA or Multi-Head Latent Attention. A large language model is created, in essence, by training a program to predict missing words. It is utterly astonishing that such a simple process can create long sequences of text that are not only intelligible but seem to be the product of intelligence. ‘The Kremlin’s Cold War Bid for Global Power.’ The subtitle of Sergey Radchenko’s book makes it sound like an aspirant bestseller from the height of America’s Red Scare. But don’t be misled by the spin or put off by the fact that you may already have a dozen books on the Cold War on your shelves. Both Radchenko’s and Vladislav Zubok’s new books... In American understanding, the Cold War was an ideological confrontation between freedom and democracy, on the one hand, and totalitarianism, on the other – a ‘war’, which implied that ultimately there would be a winner. The Soviets, by contrast, did not describe the conflict as a ‘war’ and were generally more preoccupied with the goal of winning the US’s respect than of any outright victory. It would be a mistake to see the attempt to deport Mahmoud Khalil for his political views in relation to Palestine as an authoritarian aberration on the part of the Trump administration. In reality, it marks the latest episode in a long-running saga of state repression of political speech in support of Palestinian rights on both sides of the Atlantic. It would be a mistake to see the attempt to deport Mahmoud Khalil for his political views in relation to Palestine as an authoritarian aberration on the part of the Trump administration. In reality, it marks the latest episode in a long-running saga of state repression of political speech in support of Palestinian rights on both sides of the Atlantic. Italy​ is often thought of as a political laboratory, anticipating events in other countries: fascism in the 1920s; the showman-businessman turned politician in the 1990s; populism in the 2010s. Great significance has been attributed to the government of Giorgia Meloni, who became prime minister in 2022. For some, it signals the return of fascism in a novel form; for the majority of pundits... Great significance has been attributed to the government of Giorgia Meloni, who became Italy’s prime minister in 2022. For some, it signals the return of fascism in a novel form; for the majority of pundits and, increasingly, politicians, it suggests that the far right can become more moderate when in power. Both views are misleading. When​ I started developing software for the management consulting firms I worked for in the mid-1990s, we still had to connect to the World Wide Web on slow and clunky lines to access our coding work. The laptops we carried weighed at least five kilogrammes and couldn’t be used for actual programming. One of our clients was a matchmaking company, which operated a number of... Masayoshi Son seems compulsively driven to invest larger and larger sums so he can call himself the biggest, most significant, most visionary investor in the world. ‘Bill Gates just started Microsoft and Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook,’ Son is quoted to have said. ‘I am involved in a hundred businesses, and I control the entire ecosystem. These are not my peers. I am not a CEO. I am building an empire.’ Subscribe to the LRB this year – perfect for anyone with an interest in history, politics, literature and the arts. What makes​ a ruler a tyrant? Is it justifiable to depose or even kill one? Medieval political theorists devoted anguished thought to these questions. In the 12th century, John of Salisbury urged tyrannicide as a political duty. ‘Whoever does not prosecute’ a tyrant, he wrote in his Policraticus, ‘transgresses against himself and against the whole body’ of the... In 1399, Henry IV had deposed his cousin Richard II, who died in custody soon afterwards. Richard’s rule was so loathed that the army Henry amassed didn’t have to fight a single battle. Nevertheless, the shadow of usurpation and regicide haunted his short reign. The main​ outcome of the German federal election became clear shortly after the results were in: the Christian Democrats (CDU) would be slinking into power with the Social Democrats (SPD) in a grand coalition. Spurred on by the shocks of the Trump administration, and with opposition parties on the rise, the CDU and SPD seem determined to bypass or manipulate the constitutionally mandated... Trump has provided the CDU with perfect cover to break with the creed of the schwarze Null. Whether the fiscal unleashing comes in the waning days of Scholz’s coalition or has to wait until Friedrich Merz is chancellor, the German establishment is no longer in a state of total complacency. Not many​ people born in 1929 are still productive, but Dominique Fernandez, winner of the 1982 Goncourt Prize for the novel Dans la main de l’ange, turned 95 a little before his new memoir, Les Trois Femmes de ma vie, appeared – the three women are his grandmother, mother and wife. It wasn’t even the first book he published last year, but followed the novel Un jeune homme... In the new memoir as well as in L’Étoile rose Fernandez insists on the political dimension of homosexuality, the obligation it brings to question every value, and expresses disdain for those gay men so perfectly assimilated that they disregard any broader programme of change. Two weeks before​ Donald Trump’s inauguration, I ran into a man who calls himself the Retribution Pastor by the swimming pool at Mar-a-Lago. Joel Tenney, who comes from the largest family in Iowa, had worked to turn out voters for the caucuses last January, and occasionally led the crowds at Trump rallies in prayer. ‘Retribution means justice,’ he liked to tell them.... Trump’s supporters had retrenched during what they call his interregnum; now they were on stage with the national security adviser and the White House deputy chief of staff. The Third Term Project, a Republican group that wants to change the constitution so that Trump can run again, had banners depicting him as Julius Caesar. Capitol rioters walked around with print-outs of their pardons.   On the​ third morning of his ill-fated occupation of Moscow, Napoleon Bonaparte woke up in the Kremlin to find the city on fire. The isolated blazes set by the retreating Russian armies had spread overnight and were now threatening to leap across the Moskva river to consume the palace. A Russian policeman, hidden in the Kremlin’s arsenal, was caught trying to set light to the... The Holy Alliance presented itself as an intimate spiritual union between the souls and consciences of its signatories rather than a conventional treaty between sovereigns. It thereby encouraged contemporaries to hope that the lifeless machine-states of the post-Napoleonic restoration might yet be endowed with the spirit of the Enlightenment. AChinese friend​ and I have taken to batting words at each other like ping-pong balls. I’m trying to improve my Mandarin and she is curious about Bengali, but some things stop us in our tracks. Rice porridge is one of them. Cooked rice can be revived by boiling in water, or simply by pouring water over it, although fancier versions use broth or green tea, as in Japanese ochazuke. It... Despite European and British efforts to emphasise the ‘traditional’ use of opium in both India and China, neither country had a history of production or consumption anything like those created by Western imperialism. Half​ acrobat, half can-can dancer, Picasso’s Salome kicks her leg up as Herod Antipas, corpulent and sagging, takes in the spectacle, flanked by his bride, dark-eyed Herodias. The king’s rheumy gaze is fixed on his stepdaughter’s nakedness. In the corner, a kneeling servant proffers Salome’s reward, chosen at her mother’s behest: the severed head of John the... Picasso’s perpetual object is the human body, which is everywhere remodelled, schematised and simplified, rendered breathtakingly beautiful one moment and grotesquely ugly the next, and always treated with a joyous, merciless creativity. It would look cruel – and sometimes it does – if it weren’t also so witty, tragic and humane. When​ I first read László Krasznahorkai’s Seiobo There Below, published in Ottilie Mulzet’s English translation in 2013, I thought I had discovered a sutra of a cult I had been unconsciously following for most of my life, a cult I had dimly perceived through museums and libraries but that now I could see was mystically systematised. It had no name, as the white heron... Donne’s triumphant ‘Death, thou shalt die’ has nothing on the apophatic reversals of László Krasznahorkai’s metaphysics, where art exposes the scrim between us and non-being. In​ Peeping Tom (1960), Michael Powell’s brutal parable on the nature of film, a woman confronts a young cameraman, Mark, in his darkroom. Mrs Stephens, who is blind, realises there’s something disturbing about Mark, something linked to his compulsive filmmaking. ‘I’m listening to my instinct now. And it says: “All this filming isn’t healthy.”’... Pressburger described their collaboration as a great romance: ‘Powell knows what I am going to say even before I say it – maybe even before I have thought it – and that is very rare. You are lucky if you meet someone like that once in your life.’ 
									In the spring of 1942 Dr Lennox Johnston, a Merseyside GP, took the train to London, intending to pluck Winston Churchill’s cigar from his . . . 
									It would be a mistake to see the attempt to deport Mahmoud Khalil for his political views in relation to Palestine as an authoritarian aberration . . . 
									Nigeria already struggles with inadequate healthcare funding. This year’s budget allocates only 5.18 per cent of the total (2.48 trillion naira) . . . 
									Schneewittchen, a film by Stanley Schtinter based on a text by Robert Walser, opens with a shot of a man in black lying in a field of snow, supine . . . 
									Tuberculosis is the world’s most deadly infectious disease, killing more than a million people a year and infecting many millions more, even . . . 
									The British brought the system of administrative detention to Palestine when they were the mandatory power. The rules also authorised military . . . 
									On Sunday, 9 March, at Southbank Centre’s Queen Elizabeth Hall, the City of London Sinfonia and the London Review of Books will be collaborating . . . 
									Juan Camilo Hernández was born in Caldono, in south-west Colombia, in 1977. When he was sixteen he took part in a day of collective work (minga) . . . Two recent books, by Peter Beinart and Rachel Shabi, discuss the response of Jewish communities in the West to the Hamas attacks of 7 October and Israel’s subsequent destruction of Palestinian life in Gaza, and the shifting politics of antisemitism. In this episode Adam Shatz talks to Peter and Rachel about the moral rupture Israel’s actions have caused, particularly along... Two recent books, by Peter Beinart and Rachel Shabi, discuss the response of Jewish communities in the West to the Hamas attacks of 7 October and Israel’s subsequent destruction of... A decade ago, the hedge fund manager Paul Marshall was known as a Lib Dem donor and founder of the Ark academy chain. Now, as the owner of UnHerd, GB News and, since last September, the Spectator, he’s a right-wing media tycoon. Peter Geoghegan joins Thomas Jones to discuss Marshall’s transformation. He explains the ‘symbiotic relationship’ between Marshall... A decade ago, the hedge fund manager Paul Marshall was known as a Lib Dem donor and founder of the Ark academy chain. Now, as the owner of UnHerd, GB News and, since last September,... Thomas Love Peacock didn’t want to write novels, at least not in the form they had taken in the first half of the 19th century. In Crotchet Castle he rejects the expectation that novelists should reveal the interiority of their characters, instead favouring the testing of opinions and ideas. His ‘novel of talk’, published in 1831, appears largely like a playscript... Thomas Love Peacock didn’t want to write novels, at least not in the form they had taken in the first half of the 19th century. In Crotchet Castle he rejects the expectation that... Since 1995, at least 51 young people have died in Scottish prisons. These include Katie Allan and William Lindsay, who shared strong support networks and, despite very different life experiences, died in similar circumstances. Their deaths were deemed preventable in a long-awaited inquiry that identified a ‘catalogue’ of failures but led to no prosecutions. Dani Garavelli has been... Since 1995, at least 51 young people have died in Scottish prisons. These include Katie Allan and William Lindsay, who shared strong support networks and, despite very different life experiences,... ‘OK, that’s that. It’s over now,’ Björn Ulvaeus thought after Abba broke up in 1982. ‘But,’ as Chal Ravens writes in the latest LRB, ‘Björn’s zeitgeist detector was, as usual, on the blink.’ By the late 1990s, Abba ‘were basically tap water’. In the latest episode of the LRB podcast, Chal joins Thomas Jones to discuss... ‘OK, that’s that. It’s over now,’ Björn Ulvaeus thought after Abba broke up in 1982. ‘But,’ as Chal Ravens writes in the latest LRB,... Neal Ascherson has worked as a journalist for more than six decades, reporting from Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, its successor states and elsewhere. He has also written more than a hundred pieces for the London Review of Books, from its seventh issue (in February 1980) to its most recent. In this episode of the LRB podcast, Ascherson talks to Thomas Jones about his recent piece on... In this episode of the LRB podcast, Neal Ascherson talks to Thomas Jones about his life and career, from his time as propaganda secretary for the Uganda National Congress to the moment he witnessed preparations for the kidnapping of Mikhail Gorbachev in Crimea but ‘missed the scoop of a lifetime’. Ghassan Abu-Sittah and Muhammad Shehada join Adam Shatz to describe what life was like in Gaza in the months and years leading up to the Hamas attack on Israel last October, and to discuss the experiences of Gazans during Israel’s subsequent - and ongoing - devastation of the territory.  More in the LRB: Adam Shatz: Israel's Descent Pankaj Mishra: The Shoah after... Ghassan Abu-Sittah and Muhammad Shehada join Adam Shatz to describe what life was like in Gaza in the months and years leading up to the Hamas attack on Israel last October, and to... In this feature-length documentary, Anthony Wilks traces the connections between the events of Hobsbawm’s life and the history he told, from his teenage years in Germany as Hitler came to power and his communist membership, to the jazz clubs of 1950s Soho and the makings of New Labour, taking in Italian bandits, Peruvian peasant movements and the development of nationalism in... In this feature-length documentary, Anthony Wilks traces the connections between the events of Hobsbawm’s life and the history he told, from his teenage years in Germany as Hitler came... All of the pieces that featured in ‘A Form of Exile: Edward Said and Late Style’ at the Southbank Centre on 9 March 2025, and other relevant writing from the LRB archive. To read these pieces in... Judith Butler on who owns Kafka; Hilary Mantel on royal bodies; Andrew O’Hagan on Julian Assange; Mary Beard on women in power; Patricia Lockwood on the communal mind of the internet; Meehan Crist... Links to the 52 (actually 53!) pieces that comprise the alphabetical tour this year’s LRB Diary takes through London’s streets: from Keats to the Krays, Woolf to Windrush, the YBAs to the GLC, by... Writing about myth and the stories we tell ourselves by Margaret Anne Doody, Marina Warner, Mary Beard, Anne Carson, James Davidson, Tom Shippey, Joanna Kavenna, Lorna Sage and Michael Wood.

 Writing about colour in the LRB archive by Ian Hacking, Anne Enright, John Kinsella, Alison Light, Julian Bell, David Garrioch, Emily LaBarge and Stephen Mulhall.

 Childhood memoirs in the LRB archive by Hilary Mantel, Richard Wollheim, Lorna Sage, Edward Said, Mary-Kay Wilmers, Rosemary Dinnage, David Sylvester, Jenny Diski, Sean Wilsey, Lorna Finlayson, Yun Sheng... Unorthodox psychoanalytic encounters in the LRB archive by Wynne Godley, Sherry Turkle, Mary-Kay Wilmers, Nicholas Spice, Mikkel Borch-Jacobsen, Jenny Diski, Brigid Brophy, Adam Phillips, D.J. Enright... Writing about children’s literature by Joan Aiken, Bee Wilson, Marina Warner, Wendy Doniger, Rosemary Hill, Jenny Turner, Marghanita Laski, Andrew O’Hagan, Jenny Diski and Gillian Avery.

 Writing about insect life by Edmund Gordon, James Meek, Miriam Rothschild, Richard Fortey, Hugh Pennington, Inga Clendinnen, Thomas Jones and Ange Mlinko.

 Writing about the press by Andrew O’Hagan, Ross McKibbin, Jenny Diski, James Meek, Suzanne Moore, Mary-Kay Wilmers, Alan Rusbridger, Thomas Nagel and Raymond Williams.

 Writing about thinking up other worlds by Glen Newey, Terry Eagleton, Sheila Fitzpatrick, Susan Pedersen, David Trotter and Anthony Pagden. 

 Writing about anarchism in the LRB archive by Steve Fraser, Susan Watkins, T.J. Clark, Zoë Heller, Hal Foster, Wes Enzinna and Jessica Olin.

 Writing about climate change by Meehan Crist, McKenzie Funk, Malcolm Gaskill and Francis Gooding.

 Writing about the White House by Christopher Hitchens, Jenny Diski, Stephen Greenblatt, Linda Colley, J. Hoberman, David Runciman, Michael Rogin and Colm Tóibín.

 Writing about constitutional crises by Bernard Porter, Ferdinand Mount, Hilary Mantel, Alan Bennett, Blair Worden, Patricia Beer, Stephen Sedley and Sionaidh Douglas-Scott.

 Pieces about Margaret Pole, Countess of Salisbury, Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk, Henry VIII, Bloody Mary, Jane Boleyn, Christopher Marlowe and other royal bodies, by Hilary Mantel.

 Writing about superstition by Matthew Sweeney, Hilary Mantel, Malcolm Gaskill, Patricia Lockwood, Theodore Zeldin, Katherine Rundell, Peter Campbell, Barbara Herrnstein Smith, Angela Carter, Ian Penman... Writing from the LRB archive by John Bayley, Rivka Galchen, Penelope Fitzgerald, Mikkel Borch-Jacobsen, Clarence Brown, Jonathan Rée and Amia Srinivasan.

 Links to the original pieces for the chorus of voices that inspired our Kafka-themed Diary for 2024, which in turn inspired a special one-off event at the 2024 Hay Festival.

 Writing about time by David Cannadine, Perry Anderson, Angela Carter, Stanley Cavell, Barbara Everett, Edward Said, John Banville, Rebecca Solnit, David Wootton, Jenny Diski, Malcolm Bull, Andrew O’Hagan... Close Readings is a multi-series podcast subscription in which longstanding LRB contributors explore a literary period or theme through a selection of key works. Discover the four new series for 2025 (with new episodes released every Monday): Conversations in Philosophy, Fiction and the Fantastic, Love and Death and Novel Approaches.  Check back for seasonal announcements, including the second concert collaboration between the City of London Sinfonia and the LRB, inspired by Edward Said’s ‘Thoughts on Late Style’. In the next issue: Perry Anderson’s delayed piece on regime change in the West; Judith Butler on Executive Order 14168. 
                            Read anywhere with the London Review of Books app, available now from the App Store for Apple devices, Google Play for Android devices and Amazon for your Kindle Fire.
						 Find out more about the London Review of Books app 
							For highlights from the latest issue, our archive and the blog, as well as news, events and exclusive promotions.
                         Newsletter Preferences This site requires the use of Javascript to provide the best possible experience. Please change your browser settings to allow Javascript content to run.

Title: Home | The New York Review of Books
Content: Advertisement More from the Review Subscribe to our Newsletter Best of The New York Review, plus books, events, and other items of interest March 27, 2025 Current Issue  Current Issue More from the Review Of Light Payal Kapadia’s films are defined by the slippage between women’s longing and the dogged grip of reality—not least of India’s unyielding social divisions.
     March 14, 2025
 An Expanding Vision of America Major new books about the peoples who lived in North America for millennia before the arrival of Europeans are reshaping the history of the continent.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Single-Player Politics Luigi Mangione’s alleged killing of a health care CEO was conceived—and received—as a move within a game of symbols.
     March 16, 2025
 ‘Mahmoud Is Not Safe’ Mahmoud Khalil’s detention is the result not just of the Trump administration’s agenda but of more than a year of moral panic around pro-Palestine protest. 
     March 15, 2025
 USAID: Goodbye to All That?  By gutting USAID, the Trump administration has imperiled the lives of thousands—and threatened the very future of the humanitarian and development industries.
 
     March 12, 2025
 “In his first term, Reagan’s rubbish quotes and orations about defeating communism helped to escalate nuclear tensions to their most dangerous point since the Cuban missile crisis.” March 27, 2025 A Self Divided Since the rise of cable TV, corporations have sought to capture our valuable attention. But the way social media shatters our ability to focus has new implications for public discourse and politics.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Build, Britannia! As one of England’s foremost authorities on architecture, Gavin Stamp distinguished himself by focusing on how buildings are lived in, rather than how they look.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Studies for His Mind Sir John Soane’s museum represents the rare survival of a collection that was more like an early modern cabinet of curiosities—flamboyant, overflowing, full of anomalies—than a nineteenth-century institution.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Angles of Approach Ronnie O’Sullivan is the greatest snooker player in history—what he can do, no one has ever been able to do. And no one can even explain how he does it.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 The Labor Theory of AI Artificial intelligence may be the first attempt to automate and discipline human labor that even its creators don’t fully comprehend.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Echoes of Eternity The critic Arlene Croce found in classical ballet timeless values in a timely form, but she looked to modern dance for the reverse: timely values taking on a timeless form.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 An Expanding Vision of America Major new books about the peoples who lived in North America for millennia before the arrival of Europeans are reshaping the history of the continent.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Ordinary Germans We know who the Nazis were and what they did. In Hitler’s People, the distinguished historian Richard J. Evans seeks to explain what made them capable of doing it.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 ‘This Land Is Yours’ Two recent books recover the missing Black history of upstate New York, challenging the delusion of New York as a land of freedom far removed from the American original sin of slavery.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 The Chronicler of Unhappiness Ford Madox Ford’s sensuous, vital novels often drew on the events of his rich and muddled life.
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Cases Closed How would the Mueller investigation have unfolded if the Supreme Court’s recent, chilling Trump v. United States decision had been in effect?
     March 27, 2025 issue
 Authoritarian Blitz The Republican Party’s attempts to suspend the rule of law can only be stopped if Democratic leaders show the moral clarity and political courage of a normal party of opposition.
     February 25, 2025
 ‘Trump Gaza Number One’ The AI-generated vision of postwar Gaza that Trump posted on social media was only thirty-three seconds long, but it spoke volumes about how his administration sees the world.
     March 2, 2025
 Our Chamberlain? Donald Trump’s abandonment of Ukraine has been even more inept and inexplicable than the appeasement of Hitler at Munich.
     March 3, 2025
 Advertisement Ocracoke     March 27, 2025 issue
 Barzakh     March 27, 2025 issue
 Old Passports     March 13, 2025 issue
 Turkey: The Buried and the Dead In the aftermath of devastating earthquakes in 2023, survivors looking for the missing have been trapped in a legal and bureaucratic labyrinth.
     March 9, 2025
 Profiles in Self-Censorship Under pressure from the Trump administration, many universities are preemptively scaling back their DEI programs—even though no law requires them to.
     March 10, 2025
 War and Peace in Munich At the city’s annual international security conference, European leaders vowed to double down on national defense. At what cost?
     March 6, 2025
 Scot-Free We are living through an inflection moment in the distribution of impunity.
     March 1, 2025
 Upcoming Events April 9–30, 2025 Tragic Meaning: Daniel Mendelsohn on Sophocles Join Daniel Mendelsohn for a four-session webinar on Sophocles. May 7–28, 2025 Tragic Meaning: Daniel Mendelsohn on Euripides Join Daniel Mendelsohn for a four-session webinar on Euripides. Giving In to Hitler When confronted with an analysis of Hitler’s own words that made his goal of war perfectly clear, Neville Chamberlain retreated into complete denial: “If I accepted the author’s conclusions I should despair, but I don’t and won’t.”
     September 26, 2019 issue
 The Reason Why “The passage of time, and the fond illusions fostered by the security of the cold war era and the fall of communism, have returned us to an earlier perspective in which ethics and national self-interest have parted company. We are now taught to think of foreign conflicts, in James Baker’s deathless phrase, as fights in which we have ‘no dog.’”
     May 20, 1999 issue
 Hitler: Hard to Resist An offensively imaginative revisionism has come to suggest that Hitler was a political and military genius who was only marginally aware of the butchery of the Jews and the Poles. But the Germans who took part in the Claus von Stauffenberg conspiracy were not in the slightest doubt as to what his brainless military megalomania was doing to Germany or what he personally was doing to the Eastern peoples and the Jews.
     September 15, 1977 issue
 Munich Man “Chamberlain was variously described as having been ‘a good mayor of Birmingham in a lean year,’ with ‘a retail mind in a wholesale business,’ who looked ‘at affairs through the wrong end of a municipal drainpipe.’ Nevertheless, he became prime minister in 1937, and in the following year went to see Hitler at Munich, dressed with inadvertent appropriateness like an undertaker.”
     March 28, 1985 issue
 The Art of Elsewhere “Gorey sent dispatches from a dream world where Edwardian grandees cross paths with temptresses in flapper dresses, children confront animals nobody has ever seen before, and eerily depopulated interiors and landscapes leave us feeling that calamity is just around the corner.”
     May 10, 2018 issue
 Gorey Treasures Edward Gorey’s drawings capture “a whole little personal world,” as Edmund Wilson put it: “equally amusing and sombre, nostalgic at the same time as claustrophobic, at the same time poetic and poisoned.”
     August 4, 2012
 In Goreyland “Among image-makers, who but he would have made us look with lasting enjoyment at a skeleton that lies reading in a hammock, center front, while a few feet behind him a garden party goes on as if nothing unusual was happening?”
     March 28, 2002 issue
 On Edward Gorey (1925–2000) “In these macabre comedies, almost no one looks happy—with the striking exception of the cats, who always seem to be having a wonderful time.”
     May 25, 2000 issue
 The Return of Trump—I On losers, fear, the Supreme Court, the end of the FDR era, antisystemic times, and words without consequences. 
     November 8, 2024
 The Return of Trump—II On Gaza, trade, con men, sinking feelings, the federal workforce, and “Brexit plus plus plus.”
     November 9, 2024
 The Return of Trump—III On abortion, labor, NatCon, the rise of authoritarianism, the darkroom of propaganda, and the threat of mass deportation. 
     November 10, 2024
 The Return of Trump—IV On burnout, hell, billionaires, health care, the specter of the limousine liberal, and the anti-trans agenda.
     November 11, 2024
 The Return of Trump—V On tantrums, dominion, the Southern Strategy, fearmongering ads, New York’s haves and have-nots, and Candidate Fain. 
     November 13, 2024
 The Return of Trump—VI On rage, fluoride, the task of the journalist, the Garden of American Heroes, and the Buffs and the Blues. 
     November 15, 2024
 The Return of Trump—VII On veterans, fascism, Africa abandoned, and “less-than-kosher activities.”
     November 17, 2024
 Thoughtfully chosen gifts for readers and writers  Free from the Archives  At this St. Patrick’s Day, one could be fooled into thinking that the Irish-American community is as robust as ever. But US immigration rules have largely closed the door to new entries, leading inexorably to a “graying” of Irish America. Brazil at the Crossroads Lula’s election comes as a relief to many Brazilians, but in this historically violent and unequal country, a void in the democratic field endures.
     February 23, 2023 issue
 Bigger than Bolsonaro After four years in power, a movement created by elite campaigns has built a mass base.
     October 28, 2022
 Brazil’s Clown-Elect “The unpredictable behavior of Brazilian voters can also lead to more baffling outcomes. In 1959, for example, Cacareco, a placid, middle-aged rhinoceros at the São Paulo zoo, was voted onto the city council, having won over 100,000 votes—and this is only the most famous case in Brazil’s long history of ‘protest votes.’”
     October 14, 2010
 Brazil: Lula’s Prospects “To understand Lula it is essential to realize that he is at the core a union man, a tough labor negotiator, a formidable forger of consensus, and a leader with a charismatic ability thereafter to mobilize the crowds in the direction chosen.”
     December 5, 2002 issue
 The Most Influential Invention A history of paper shares all the facts and technical processes, the quality of the rags, the size of the paper sheets, the color and texture of different surfaces and how they were achieved, but most importantly it gives us a sense of a collective human vocation for creating a world apart on the page.
     August 13, 2015 issue
 Disappearing Ink “I left the New Museum’s ‘The Last Newspaper’—a show that sets out to explore the relation between newspapers and art at the end of the print era—with my fingers black from printer’s ink, just as they used to be years ago when I read the Times every morning on the subway.”
     November 1, 2010
 The Human Face of Type “Serifs are not ornamental but functional: most of them are horizontal strokes that help to guide the eye rapidly and smoothly across the page. Sans-serif types, in contrast, present a thicket of vertical strokes that slow down the eye’s horizontal movement.”
     August 4, 2011
 The Great Comics War Peter Maresca’s outsized and outlandish anthology Society is Nix: Gleeful Anarchy at the Dawn of the American Comic Strip, 1895–1915, shows just how sensational this newspaper art form was in its early years.
     December 31, 2013
 Clinton Agonistes The Clinton impeachment was a situation in which a handful of people with something to gain (a book contract, a sinecure as a network “analyst,” or the justification of a failure to get either of the Clintons on Whitewater), managed to harness this phenomenon and ride it.
     October 22, 1998 issue
 Reagan’s Junta “The implications of government by secret presidential junta strike at the very roots of the American system of government. One way to think about them is to note how the Iran-contra affair has been defended or rationalized by those politically or ideologically closest to the President.”
     January 29, 1987 issue
 A Special Supplement: Impeachment There are two reasons for impeaching Richard Nixon. One is that this may be the only legal proceeding to determine the President’s complicity in the Watergate scandal. The other is that only so grave a step may deter a future President from such abuses.
     June 28, 1973 issue
 He Was No Moses While he opposed slavery and southern secession early in his career, as president Andrew Johnson turned out to be an unsightly bigot.
     December 16, 2021 issue
 A Sort of Buzzing Inside My Head Whether ChatGPT passes the Turing Test is a less troubling question than what Alan Turing meant by “intelligence.”
     June 25, 2023
 DeepL Edizioni As machine translation software grows more sophisticated, could it entirely replace human translators?
     March 22, 2023
 The Human Costs of AI Artificial intelligence does not come to us as a deus ex machina but, rather, through a number of dehumanizing extractive practices, of which most of us are unaware.
     October 21, 2021 issue
 How Smart Are Computers? “Artificial Intelligence has gone through a sober process of realizing that human beings are cleverer than it supposed. It has turned to a more cautious and diversified strategy of accumulating ‘know-how’ rather than mounting frontal assaults.”
     November 15, 1973 issue
 Brass in Pocket “I wonder if nonfiction somehow taps into my (otherwise largely suppressed) competitive instincts. I never feel competitive when I’m writing fiction.”
     March 15, 2025
 “I Can’t Go On, I Must Go On” “I’ve been trying to find some way to engage and comment on what’s been going on in Israel and Palestine, feeling that I couldn’t really sit back as a noncombatant, ducking and covering while this was happening.”
     March 8, 2025
 Notes from Underground “Today the Russian government classifies different forms of protest as regular crimes. These prisoners want their actions and their persecution to be recognized as what they are: political.”
     March 1, 2025
 Dress It Up, Then Make It Real “I’m a believer in the proscenium. An increasingly high-definition fidelity to life bores me; the point is to look through a veil.”
     February 15, 2025
 The latest releases from New York Review Books Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland Lewis Carroll; illustrated by Tove Jansson The Village of Ben Suc Jonathan Schell At the Louvre: Poems by 100 Contemporary World Poets  Set Change Yuri Andrukhovych Monsieur Teste Paul Valéry The Rest is Silence Augusto Monterroso Politics Single-Player Politics     March 16, 2025
 ‘Mahmoud Is Not Safe’     March 15, 2025
 USAID: Goodbye to All That?      March 12, 2025
 Profiles in Self-Censorship     March 10, 2025
 Literature ‘Her Own Woman’     March 13, 2025
 Ocracoke     March 27, 2025 issue
 Barzakh     March 27, 2025 issue
 A Milton for All Seasons     March 27, 2025 issue
 Arts Of Light     March 14, 2025
 ‘Routine, Ordinary Care’     March 8, 2025
 Build, Britannia!     March 27, 2025 issue
 Echoes of Eternity     March 27, 2025 issue
 Ideas Ordinary Germans     March 27, 2025 issue
 Studies for His Mind     March 27, 2025 issue
 The Labor Theory of AI     March 27, 2025 issue
 An Expanding Vision of America     March 27, 2025 issue
 Subscribe and save 50%! Read the latest issue as soon as it’s available, and browse our rich archives. You'll have immediate subscriber-only access to over 1,200 issues and 25,000 articles published since 1963. Issue Archive Subscribe and save 50%! Get immediate access to the current issue and over 25,000 articles from the archives, plus the NYR App. Already a subscriber? Sign in Subscribe to our Newsletters Best of The New York Review, plus books, events, and other items of interest. Or, see all newsletter options here. © 1963-2025 NYREV, Inc. All rights reserved.

Title: Culture: TV, Movies, Music, Art, and Theatre News and Reviews | The New Yorker
Content: Sections More © 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. The New Yorker may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
