
Title: Smithsonian Ocean | Smithsonian Ocean
Content: The lettuce sea slug (Elysia crispata) has enlarged fleshy appendages that are folded over one another, with colors ranging from blue to green, with purple and red lining.  The sea slug eats green algae, and some of the green algae gets shuttled off to make a home in those fleshy appendages (called parapodia).

Title: Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution
Content:                                                                Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) is the world's premier independent organization dedicated exclusively to ocean research, technology, and education. We combine state-of-the-art science, engineering, and ship operations to unravel the mysteries of the deep and devise science-based solutions to planet-wide problems. Researchers call for regional and context-specific approaches to these extreme events
 Researchers call for regional and context-specific approaches to these extreme events Unseen ocean How will we ever count them all? Navigating new waters Deep-sea amphipod name inspired by a literary masterpiece Bringing science to market: WHOI’s Orpheus goes commercial Lakewood Ranch senior competing for major science scholarship How heart rate monitors help Cape scientists study pup survival Large white sharks explore twilight zone depths WHOI's Best of 2024 Listen: Tracking big fish at fine scales Check out episodes from Ocean Encounters  We are hiring! Explore careers at WHOI WHOI is at the forefront of groundbreaking science and technology development, unlocking the mysteries of our ocean, its connections to life on Earth, and solutions it may hold to some of our most pressing environmental challenges. Our scientists and engineers lead more than 800 concurrent projects, tackling some of the most challenging and important problems of our time, from climate change and ocean pollution to sustainable food and energy production. We operate a fleet of research vessels and vehicles, including two large ships (R/V Neil Armstrong and R/V Atlantis), a smaller coastal research vessel, the iconic human-occupied submersible Alvin, and dozens of other underwater robots. Through our higher education programs, including the prestigious MIT-WHOI Joint Program, we train new generations of ocean scientists, engineers, and leaders-providing access to cutting edge facilities and unparalleled access to the sea. WHOI plays a leading role in ocean communications, sharing our insights and knowledge about the ocean to the general public, policymakers, educators, and more, so we can make wise decisions about our ocean, our planet, and our future. We have over 1,000 scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff working around the globe and cutting edge laboratories to push the boundaries of knowledge about the ocean. Autonomous Vehicles and Sensor Technologies 

    Visit the website
  
 Enabling discovery with a fleet of advanced underwater vehicles and experienced personnel. 

    Visit the website
  
 Exploring the globe-spanning region beneath the sunlit upper ocean where life thrives 

    Visit the website
  
 Discovering the links between life in our ocean and the search for life beyond Earth 

    Visit the website
  
 Investigating the fate of microplastics and their impacts on marine life and human health 

    Visit the website
  
 Searching for corals around the world to help ensure a future for reefs in a warming ocean 

    Visit the website
  
 The NSF-funded program measures physical, chemical, geological and biological properties from the seafloor to the air-sea interface. 

    Visit the website
  
 Fostering understanding of changing marine food webs off the US Northeast Coast 

    Visit the website
  
 Working to protect corals and reverse the global decline of reef ecosystems 

    Visit the website
  
 The ocean covers more than 2/3 of Earth's surface and is a fundamental reason why life exists on Earth-but yet many know so little about it. Dive in to learn more about our ocean planet. OCEANUS MAGAZINE Exploring the oceans in depth, highlighting the research and researchers at WHOI in news, features, and interviews. READ OCEANUS OCEAN TOPICS Corals
Twilight Zone
Right Whales
Emperor Penguins
ALL OCEAN TOPICS DID YOU KNOW? Why are corals so colorful?
How are seashells made?
Why is the ocean blue?
What causes ocean waves?
DID YOU KNOW ARTICLES VISUAL WHOI ImagesVideoSlideshowInteractive ScienceALL MULTIMEDIA For nearly a century, WHOI has been one of the best known and most trusted names in ocean science and exploration. Become a part of the research that shapes our understanding of the ocean, our planet, and life on Earth. GET INVOLVED 266 Woods Hole Road, Woods Hole, MA 02543-1050 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution is a 501 (c)(3) organization. We are proud to be recognized as a financially accountable and transparent, 4-star charity organization by Charity Navigator. Areas of Research
Departments & Centers
Programs & Projects
Ships & Technology
Data & Repositories
MBLWHOI Library Directions & Maps
Events Calendar
Visit WHOI
Walking Tours
ShopWHOI GraduatePostdoctoralUndergraduateGuest StudentsK-12 ResourcesAccreditation Career Opportunities
People Directory
Community Housing
Annual Reports We do not share email addresses. Read our Privacy Policy.  © 2025 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Privacy Policy
General Information: information@whoi.edu or (508) 548-1400 | Website inquiries: webdev@whoi.edu | Media inquiries: media@whoi.edu
