
Title: Quantum Computing Report - Market Analysis, News & Resources
Content:   Established in 2015, the Quantum Computing Report, now an offering from Global Quantum Intelligence (GQI), is the most authoritative source for quantum industry developments as they happen. We will chronicle and promote quantum computing developments for parties interested in the industry. We provide news and analysis of technical developments, funding and financing events, partnerships, job opportunities, and much more. Global Quantum Intelligence publishes market & business intelligences available for a fee to investors, governments, providers, and users to help them navigate through the complex landscape of the quantum industry. For details visit www.global-qi.com.

Title: IBM Quantum Computing
Content: IBM Quantum® offers access to the largest quantum computing fleet in the world via Qiskit — which provides software tools and services to create a holistic programming model for utility. Software Learn more Hardware Learn more Start using our 100+ qubit QPUs View pricing  Quantum computers make most of the world’s existing encryption algorithms obsolete. IBM developed many of the foundational technologies that will secure the world in the quantum era, and now offers the tools and services needed to implement them. Learn more IBM Quantum Platform provides access to systems, documentation, and learning resources all in one place. Sign up today to get 10 free minutes of execution time per month on our utility-scale systems. We defined a set of principles to ensure the responsible development, deployment, and use of quantum computing technologies at IBM and beyond. 11 Mar 2025 • Daiju Nakano, Kouichi Semba (University of Tokyo), Jerry Chow 5 Mar 2025 • Suhare Nur, Sanket Panda, Francisco Martin, SheshaShayee Raghunathan, Robert Davis 26 Feb 2025 •  Julianna Roberts, Leron Gil, Kayla Lee, Fran Cabrera, Sean Dague, Robert Davis 12 Feb 2025 • Edward H. Chen, Robert Davis As the core of our global user community, the IBM Quantum Network supports businesses, universities, laboratories, and industry leaders on their journeys to advancing quantum utility. Members gain access to learning resources, experts, and events to accelerate research and foster collaboration. Featured Get access Get started Stay connected
