
Title: IRENA – International Renewable Energy Agency
Content: Videos Press release Article Mission Our Mission Released at the Berlin Energy Transition Dialogue (BETD) today, the Agency’s new data collection and policy recommendations look at key performance indicators for the 2030 milestone and assess progress against 1.5°C-aligned transitions pathways in the G20 including the European Union. As one of the custodians of the Sustainable Development Goal 7, and in support of SIDS’ plea in global climate discussions, the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) was highly engaged at the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) Global Forum hosted by the Government of Barbados. Off-grid renewables deployment efforts in developing countries should be accelerated in climate and development goals in rural areas, underpinned by strong international cooperation and multi-stakeholder partnerships.  Released at the Berlin Energy Transition Dialogue (BETD) today, the Agency’s new data collection and policy recommendations look at key performance indicators for the 2030 milestone and assess progress against 1.5°C-aligned transitions pathways in the G20 including the European Union. For more news, log into your Member's Account 17 March 14 March 24 February Stay up to date 
GW
 

% since
                                

 
M
 The second edition of the Year in Review report, by the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF), the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), examines the links between climate change and renewable energy. This latest report in the leveraging local capacity series highlights the job potential of concentrated solar power (CSP). This report assesses the potential for the integration of distributed renewable energy solutions for in the agri-food sector in the Republic of Guinea. The 2025 edition of the annual report of the Small Island Developing States (SDIS) Lighthouses Initiative provides an overview of the progress achieved by SIDS in their energy transitions in 2023-2024. Decentralised renewable energy offers a reliable, modern and cost-effective solution to the energy access deficit that hinders effective healthcare delivery in Mozambique. Building on previous editions of the series, this report explores the power sector landscape of Central Africa, providing analysis of potential scenarios for long-term development of the sector in the region. This report investigates the potential benefits of large-scale solar and wind energy projects to local communities in Sub-Saharan Africa. This publication presents statistics for the decade 2014-2023 in trilingual tables, covering off-grid power capacity, biogas production and numbers of people using off-grid power and biogas for cooking and lighting. Providing and overview of the development of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) in Southeast Asia, this report emphasises the urgency of accelerating the sustainable scale-up of biofuel supply chains in the region. This report, supported by the National Metrology Institute of Germany (PTB) and Germany’s Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ), presents a Roadmap for developing a quality infrastructure system for green hydrogen.

Title: Department of Energy
Content: An official website of the United States government Here's how you know 
Official websites use .gov

              A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
             
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS

              A lock (   

Lock
Locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
             On his First Full Day, Secretary Wright Introduced Himself to Energy Department Employees.
 President Trump’s Day One Actions will Return the Department to Regular Order. Sign up to receive news and updates from the U.S. Department of Energy straight to your inbox. 
              Committed to Restoring America’s Energy Dominance.
             Follow Us Subscribe To Our Newsletter
