
Title: Planetizen | Urban Planning News, Jobs, and Education
Content: The city wants to close a loophole that allowed developers to build apartment buildings on single-family lots as ADUs. Doug Ford, the no-nonsense premier of Canada's most populous province, Ontario, is taking on Trump where it hurts — making American energy more expensive. The city wants to close a loophole that allowed developers to build apartment buildings on single-family lots as ADUs. Doug Ford, the no-nonsense premier of Canada's most populous province, Ontario, is taking on Trump where it hurts — making American energy more expensive. March 17 - Todd Litman A new resource offers concrete recommendations for thriving in a changing transportation landscape, prioritizing a ‘fix it first’ approach to infrastructure maintenance. March 14 - Transportation for America A 50-year-old institution takes stock of placemaking in the public realm today. March 13 - Project For Public Spaces March 7 - Diana Ionescu March 5 - Omar Brownson March 4 - Diana Ionescu Stay up to date with the latest news, jobs, and more. March 17 - Smart Cities Dive March 17 - The Wall Street Journal March 17 - Urban Milwaukee March 17 - Columbus Dispatch March 17 - Los Angeles County Chief Sustainability Office I love the variety of courses, many practical, and all richly illustrated. They have inspired many ideas that I've applied in practice, and in my own teaching. Mary G., Urban and Environmental Planner Get top-rated, practical training for planners The city wants to close a loophole that allowed developers to build apartment buildings on single-family lots as ADUs. March 9 - Axios Doug Ford, the no-nonsense premier of Canada's most populous province, Ontario, is taking on Trump where it hurts — making American energy more expensive. March 11 - Toronto Star Expanding the city’s ultra low-emission zone has resulted in dramatic drops in particle emissions in inner and outer London. March 10 - Smart Cities World A recent article tries to tie public transit and walkability to social disorder — but in fact, sprawling Sunbelt cities like Memphis are as likely to have high crime rates as transit-rich metropolises such as New York and San Francisco.  March 9 - Michael Lewyn Without regulatory changes, data centers’ high demand for energy would be subsidized by taxpayers, according to a new study. March 10 - Governing A new memo rescinds Biden-era regulations that prioritized renewable energy, accessibility, and equity for historically disadvantaged communities.  March 13 - Smart Cities Dive Assessing the readiness of current infrastructure for autonomous vehicles to understand the challenges and necessary adaptations for seamless integration in urban environments. March 13 - Devin Partida Train tracks running along the Pacific Ocean are in danger from sea level rise, but residents are divided on how to fix the problem. March 7 - The New York Times The proposed FY 2025 budget keeps spending for public transit and passenger rail essentially the same as in 2024. March 16 - American Public Transportation Association Designed with green infrastructure, parks can mitigate flooding, reduce urban heat, and enhance climate resilience, offering cost-effective solutions to environmental challenges while benefiting communities. March 16 - Grist The City Nature Challenge is a global community science event where participants use the iNaturalist app to document urban biodiversity, contributing valuable data to support conservation and scientific research. March 10 - City Nature Challenge Dayton is developing an urban forest master plan, using a $2 million grant to expand its tree canopy, address decades of tree loss, and enhance environmental equity across the city. March 4 - Dayton Daily News A new MIT study finds that transitioning residential heating from natural gas to electric heat pumps can significantly reduce carbon emissions and operational costs. March 4 - MIT News In the wake of the Eaton Fire, Altadena Green is working to preserve fire-damaged but recoverable trees, advocating for better assessment processes, educating homeowners, and protecting the community’s urban canopy from unnecessary removal. March 3 - LAist Caltrans Strategic Economics Inc Resource Assistance for Rural Environments City of Grandview Harvard GSD Executive Education UCLA Lewis Center for Regional Policy Studies City of Piedmont, CA Great Falls Development Authority, Inc. NYU Wagner Graduate School of Public Service  Designed with green infrastructure, parks can mitigate flooding, reduce urban heat, and enhance climate resilience, offering cost-effective solutions to environmental challenges while benefiting communities. March 16 - Grist The City Nature Challenge is a global community science event where participants use the iNaturalist app to document urban biodiversity, contributing valuable data to support conservation and scientific research. March 10 - City Nature Challenge Dayton is developing an urban forest master plan, using a $2 million grant to expand its tree canopy, address decades of tree loss, and enhance environmental equity across the city. March 4 - Dayton Daily News A new MIT study finds that transitioning residential heating from natural gas to electric heat pumps can significantly reduce carbon emissions and operational costs. March 4 - MIT News In the wake of the Eaton Fire, Altadena Green is working to preserve fire-damaged but recoverable trees, advocating for better assessment processes, educating homeowners, and protecting the community’s urban canopy from unnecessary removal. March 3 - LAist 1.75 AICP CM Instructor Jarrett Walker teaches you tools you need to understand how public transit networks are designed and how this informs public policy.   View Course Instructor: Chris Holtkamp Instructor: Lennart Nout Instructor: David Dixon Instructor: Lennart Nout Instructor: Chris Holtkamp Instructor: Lennart Nout Instructor: David Dixon Instructor: Lennart Nout Learn More 90% of students who took AICP Exam Preparation Class passed the exam and became AICP certified.


Learn More Planetizen Courses provides an easy way for AICP certified planners to earn CM credits.


Browse Courses An annual review of books related to planning. Planning apps for a brave new world. The best of the Internet—since 2002. The Top Graduate Urban Planning Programs in the U.S. Search the definitive online directory of academic programs in urban planning and related fields. View Directory  The Guide is the only comprehensive ranking and listing of graduate urban planning programs available. Learn More Planning: The professional practice and academic study of the future of built and natural environments — from the smallest towns to the largest cities and everything in between. Copyright Planetizen, Inc. © 2000 - 2025. All rights reserved.

Title: Urban Design Forum
Content: Urban Design Forum

Title: CNU |
Content: 
Building Places People Love.
 For the 24th year, CNU's Charter Awards recognized outstanding achievements in architectural, landscape, and urban design and planning worldwide. Meet the 15 winning projects! Be part of the growing movement of new urbanists. Get CNU's free report and case studies on equitable development. Find out more about course and exam dates. On The Park Bench is CNU's webinar series presenting interactive conversations with thought leaders in New Urbanism and allied industries, providing an opportunity for the audience to engage in real time. Building Places People Love. TEL: 202-770-2087
EMAIL: cnuinfo@cnu.org Stay updated on CNU announcements, opportunities, and upcoming events. Sign Up Help us build more places people love. Donate to the Congress for the New Urbanism today and you’ll be taking a stand for walkable neighborhoods.   donate 
